Add support of JWT token authentication (#15551)
crate/crate: docs/admin/auth/methods.rst

Please consult the relevant client documentations for instructions on how to
connect using SSL with client certificate.

.. _auth_jwt:

JWT authentication method
=========================

When the ``jwt`` authentication method is used, the client has to provide a
``BASE64_`` encoded `JSON Web Token`_ (JWT),  prefixed with ``Bearer``, in the

> ``Authorization`` HTTP header.

Author: https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/15551/commits/54e572ada0834fcc3c11afa22cc5227010cce1d2

Please consult the relevant client documentations for instructions on how to
connect using SSL with client certificate.

.. _auth_jwt:

JWT authentication method
=========================

> This method is useful to obtain temporary access to CrateDB without sharing
> credentials of a specific user.
> One service is an authentication provider, responsible for issuing tokens which
> can be used by other services to access CrateDB. The authentication provider
> signs issued tokens with a private key and exposes public key(s) in a
> `JWK endpoint`_.
> 
> When the ``jwt`` authentication method is used, the client has to provide a
> ``BASE64_`` encoded `JSON Web Token`_ (JWT),  prefixed with ``Bearer``, in the
> ``Authorization`` HTTP header.

Reviewer: How about something more like this? The first two sentences are kinda hard to understand, especially if you don't already know what it is or how it is used.

```suggestion
JWT authentication allows to delegate part of the authentication process to an
external service.

The external service is responsible for issuing a ``JWT`` access token for the
user. The user then provides this token as part of a ``Authorization`` HTTP
header to CrateDB.
CrateDB will validate the token and match it to a user created with ``CREATE
USER`` with ``JWT`` properties that match those of the provided ``JWT`` token.

```

Author: Applied the suggestion but added removed links in https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/15551/commits/6e465707d3086074a1fadb351553fc19b19632e8

I think it's fair to mention "bearer" (same as with do with basic) and add some rfc links to JWT and JWK so that users who setup the endpoint/auth provider themselves  can check the format.
